[IA-3367] Prepare OUCRC model (#1599)
BLSQ/iaso: docs/pages/dev/reference/API/org_unit_change_request_configuration.md

#### 401 - Unauthorized

- No authentication token or an invalid one was provided

#### 403 - Forbidden

- User doesn't have the proper permission

#### 404 - Not found

- `project_id` is not null and doesn't exist
- `org_unit_type_id` is not null and doesn't exist
- One or more `possible_parent_types` doesn't exist
- One or more `possible_group_sets` doesn't exist
- One or more `editable_reference_forms` doesn't exist

## 2 - GET /api/change_requests_configs/

API used to list all Change Request configurations.

### Permissions

- Change Request Configuration

### Query parameters
- page: Int (optional) - Current page (default: 1)
- limit: Int (optional) - Number of entities returned by page (default: 20)
- org_unit_type_id: Int (optional) - Id of the OrgUnitType to filter on
- project_id: Int (optional) - Id of the Project to filter on

### Possible responses

#### 200 - OK

```json
{
  "count": "Long",
  "has_next": "Boolean",
  "has_previous": "Boolean",
  "page": "Long",
  "pages": "Long",
  "limit": "Long",
  "results": [
    {
      "id": "Int - id in the database, I know Martin wants it",
      "project_id": "Int - Project ID",

>       "project_name": "String - Project name",

Author: @bmonjoie do you need to have project data split into two fields at the same level, or do we do something like this:
```
"project": {
    "id": 3,
    "name": "uocgyxo project"
 },
 ``` 
 
 Same question for `org_unit_type`

Reviewer: It's the same for me, I think I did it this way because this is how it is usually done in other endpoints.

      "editable_fields": "Array<String> - List of possible fields",
      "possible_parent_types": [
        {
        "id": "Int - OrgUnit Type ID",
        "name": "String - OrgUnit Type name"
        }
      ],
      "possible_group_sets": [
        {
          "id": "Int - Group ID",
          "name": "String - Group name"
        }
      ],
      "editable_reference_forms": [
        {
          "id": "Int - Form ID",
          "name": "String - Form name"
        }
      ],
      "created_at": "Timestamp",
      "updated_at": "Timestamp"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### 400 - Bad request

- One or more of the parameters provided couldn't be parsed
- One or more of the parameters provided couldn't matched to the related resource (E.g.: unknown project_id)
- A parameter was given that is not recognized

#### 401 - Unauthorized

- No authentication token or an invalid one was provided

#### 403 - Forbidden

- User doesn't have the proper permission to access this resource.

## 3 - GET /api/change_requests_configs/{id}/

API used to retrieve a Change Request configuration.

### Permissions

- Change Request Configuration

### Possible responses

#### 200 - OK

```json

> {

Author: @bmonjoie both the `list` and the `retrieve` endpoints return the same data, is there a reason for that? Shouldn't we restrict the `list` to the main fields and send the whole thing in `retrieve`?

Reviewer: The list seems to display almost everything, so it's easier to use the same `Serializer`, I guess. But it was a proposition; it should probably be discussed with @beygorghor what he wants for the frontend web

  "id": "Int - id in the database, I know Martin wants it",
  "project_id": "Int - Project ID",
  "project_name": "String - Project name",
  "org_unit_type_id": "Int - OrgUnit Type ID",
  "org_unit_type_name": "String - OrgUnit Type name",
  "org_units_editable": "Boolean - Whether or not OrgUnits of this OrgUnit Type are editable",
  "editable_fields": ["Array<String> - List of possible fields"],
  "possible_parent_type": [
    {
    "id": "Int - OrgUnit Type ID",
    "name": "String - OrgUnit Type name"
    }
  ],

>   "possible_group_set_ids": [

Reviewer 2: strange that "_ids" when returning array of id/name

    {
      "id": "Int - Group ID",
      "name": "String - GroupSet name"
    }
  ],

>   "editable_reference_form_ids": [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "editable_reference_forms": [
```

    {
      "id": "Int - Form ID",
      "name": "String - Form name"
    }
  ],
  "created_at": "Timestamp",
  "updated_at": "Timestamp"
}
```

#### 401 - Unauthorized

- No authentication token or an invalid one was provided

#### 403 - Forbidden

- User doesn't have the proper permission to access this resource.

#### 404 - Not found

- The given ID was not found

## 4 - GET /api/mobile/change_requests_configs/

API used to list all Change Request configurations for the mobile app.

### Permissions

- User must be authenticated

### Query parameters
- app_id: String - Application ID for which to retrieve the configuration
- page: Int (optional) - Current page (default: 1)
- limit: Int (optional) - Number of entities returned by page (default: 20)

### Possible responses

#### 200 - OK

```json
{
  "count": "Long",
  "has_next": "Boolean",
  "has_previous": "Boolean",
  "page": "Long",
  "pages": "Long",
  "limit": "Long",
  "results": [
    {

>       "org_unit_type_id": "Int - OrgUnit Type ID",

Reviewer 2: expose perhaps uuid or id ?

Reviewer: I still don't understand why there is an `UUID` field but that's up to you.
Regarding the ID, this is an implementation detail from the backend (IMHO, it shouldn't have one and be a composite key on `project_id` and `org_unit_type_id), therefore there is no need to return it to the mobile.

      "org_units_editable": "Boolean - Whether or not OrgUnits of this OrgUnit Type are editable",
      "editable_fields": ["Array<String> - List of possible fields"],
      "possible_parent_type_ids": ["Array<Int> - List of possible OrgUnit Type IDs that are allowed as new parent for this OrgUnit Type"],

>       "possible_group_set_ids": ["Array<Int> - List of possible GroupSet IDs for this OrgUnit Type"],

Reviewer 2: we are perhaps missing a `/api/mobile/group_sets` ?

    }
}
```

#### 401 - Unauthorized

- No authentication token or an invalid one was provided

#### 403 - Forbidden

- User doesn't have the proper permission to access this resource.

#### 404 - Not found

- The given ID was not found

## 4 - GET /api/mobile/orgunits/changes/configs/

API used to list all Change Request configurations for the mobile app.

### Permissions

- User must be authenticated

### Query parameters
- app_id: String - Application ID for which to retrieve the configuration
- page: Int (optional) - Current page (default: 1)
- limit: Int (optional) - Number of entities returned by page (default: 20)

### Possible responses

#### 200 - OK

```json
{
  "count": "Long",
  "has_next": "Boolean",
  "has_previous": "Boolean",
  "page": "Long",
  "pages": "Long",
  "limit": "Long",
  "results": [
    {
      "org_unit_type_id": "Int - OrgUnit Type ID",
      "org_units_editable": "Boolean - Whether or not OrgUnits of this OrgUnit Type are editable",
      "editable_fields": ["Array<String> - List of possible fields"],
      "possible_type_ids": ["Array<Int> - List of possible OrgUnit Type IDs that are allowed as new type for this OrgUnit Type"],

>       "possible_parent_types": ["Array<Int> - List of possible OrgUnit Type IDs that are allowed as new parent for this OrgUnit Type"],
>       "possible_group_sets": ["Array<Int> - List of possible GroupSet IDs for this OrgUnit Type"],
>       "editable_reference_forms": ["Array<Int> - List of reference Form ID that can be modified"],
>       "other_groups": ["Array<Int> - List of other Group IDs for this OrgUnit Type"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "possible_parent_type_ids": ["Array<Int> - List of possible OrgUnit Type IDs that are allowed as new parent for this OrgUnit Type"],
      "group_set_ids": ["Array<Int> - List of GroupSet IDs for this OrgUnit Type"],
      "editable_reference_form_ids": ["Array<Int> - List of reference Form ID that can be modified"],
      "other_group_ids": ["Array<Int> - List of other Group IDs for this OrgUnit Type"]
```

>       "other_groups": ["Array<Int> - List of other Group IDs for this OrgUnit Type"]

Reviewer: Could you also add `created_at` and `updated_at` as mobile timestamp?
